nxos_l2_interfaces model (#14)
ansible-network/resource_module_models: models/nxos/l2_interfaces/deleted_example_01.txt

# Using deleted

# Before state:
# -------------
#
# interface Ethernet1/1
#    switchport access vlan 20
# interface Ethernet1/2
#    switchport trunk native vlan 20
#    switchport mode trunk
# interface mgmt0
#    ip address dhcp
#    ipv6 address auto-config

> - name: Delete NXOS L2 interfaces as in given arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Delete L2 attributes of given interfaces (Note: This won't delete the interface itself).
```
